hi I'm John Collier I'm 20 years old
from Manchester and I I've been modeling
for a year now and with Boston
Manchester before my limb I was trying
to be a professional golfer
seems like a lifetime ago now well yeah
it was a story I grew up in London till
his father moved to Manchester and that
was wanting to be a professional golfer
and then I got scared while shopping in
Manchester last December with my little
brother and and I didn't really want to
do monthly at the time because I was
happy getting golf but then he was
winner and I wasn't playing much golf so
I thought why not let's give it a try
and it it's come pretty good sixth album
so I don't know a few cool ones with
Nicole for Jay I really like he's pretty
crazy style wasting and the pictures
always seem to come out by going with
Nicola so yeah in 10 years time I don't
even know I'm going to be in one year's
time but ten years time hopefully with a
wife kids with better money so and
support my family and stuff and happy
life I want to finish modeling I'm
probably going to go back into golf and
because that's that's mature love Anna
and baby teach and play a bit and just
in enjoy life because it's the way of
him they're waiting enjoy the most
London my family lives down there
so I was always nice to stale bananas
Alison
it's another clothes wash which is a bit
different for when you're on the road
and I've got lots of friends and the
nights out were always good as well
don't forget that when I was 17 I never
got that type of munch Esther city badge
on my shoulder and I was saving up for
it and then it was the best thing that
never did even though I just wear all
the badges and sure there's no no type
of do I admire the most I was a tough
one it used to be Tiger Woods and just
probably so I said what's even nice
level bunch of women but uh yeah my my
granddad I probably have a granddad and
this is you my best mate